single network services/endpoints can not have duplicate address (#12874)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ops/deployment/deployment-models/index.md

In the simplest case, a service mesh operates over a single fully connected
network. In a single network model, all
{{< gloss "workload instance" >}}workload instances{{< /gloss >}}

> can reach each other directly without an Istio gateway. In addition, for single network across multi-clusters,
> Istio requires services and endpoints cannot have overlapping IP addresses.
> 
> A single network allows Istio to configure service consumers in a uniform
> way across the mesh with the ability to directly address workload instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can reach each other directly without an Istio gateway.

A single network allows Istio to configure service consumers in a uniform
way across the mesh with the ability to directly address workload instances.
Note, however, that for a single network across multiple clusters,
services and endpoints cannot have overlapping IP addresses.
```

A single network allows Istio to configure service consumers in a uniform
way across the mesh with the ability to directly address workload instances.

> Note, however, that for a single network across multiple clusters,

Reviewer 2: Definitely endpoints is true, I am not 100% sure we cannot have overlapping Service. I think @ramaraochavali may have mentioned this?

Author: Otherwise a call to service A can be routed to serviceB, if via VIP.

Reviewer 3: Yes. ClusterIP has to be unique in a single network.
